Breakfast is on the table, looking for life in between.
The young master turned off his phone and went to work, of course.
How can I be as good as my wife? She can do anything at home every day.
Since you are talking to me in an understandable way, why did you come back?
What do you have here? Let me ask you first.
I just heard it casually, nothing else.
All of you, please listen to me and understand everything.
It’s because we don’t have relatives from the Politburo, and you are just my family members to me,
I'll pay you to come back and fuck your caregivers
I don't want to come with you to be a boatman.
If he asks me to spend money again, he won't care about it.
Even taking this kind of thing negatively
Never mind being polite to you